Since a young age, I had a passion for creating visual art. As a 10-year-old I made figurines out of tin foil, and by 12 I realized that I was not interested in pursuing painting. By the time I finished middle school I had discovered Processing, a coding environment built on Java that offers a way for novice coders to create art. I was enthralled by my newfound ability to animate shapes on the computer screen. However, at that time (and for many years after) I thought I wanted to be a philosopher when I grew up so coding remained on the sidelines of my life. 
After high school I spent a year in Israel studying Talmud (ancient Babylonian legal texts) where my desire to create was reignited. Perhaps it was the studying of texts in a dead language that created a void in me that needed to be filled or perhaps it was divine inspiration, but for some reason I once again had an urge to create. So I used much of my down time to dive deeper into the Java/Processing world. It was at this point that I learnt object oriented programming which allowed me to create much more complex programs. 
When the COVID-19 pandemic began and I needed to finish my gap year from home, my curiosity, desire to create, and all the time I had stuck at home drove me to learn Blender, a 3D animation software. Working in a three dimensional space was a paradigm shift and huge challenge for me. Two products of the months that I spent learning Blender can be found in the ‘Animations’ page of my website. They aren’t much and I don’t intend to pursue 3D animation, but I’m proud of them nonetheless and they hold a special place in my heart.
Eventually, I realized that Processing, an application that I felt a close kinship with, had been rebuilt on JavaScript (p5.js) which afforded code a level of share-ability that didn’t exist in Java Processing. So when my desire to create became a desire to share my creations I needed to bid Java Processing farewell and learn JavaScript. It took many (many) hours of Daniel Shiffman’s YouTube videos till I became as proficient in p5.js as I was in Java Processing. My next project was learning just enough HTML to create website using GitHub pages. Over time, I picked up more CSS and version two of my website was not as ugly as version one. Version three looked even better (I learnt how to do CSS animations at this point). Now, the website in front of you is far from the finished product. The more I learn, the more I create. And my thirst for learning 
